The folder contains a CSS document to style the website, HTML to display it, and a Python program that uses flask to run the website. To use this project, open the folder in VS Code and execute "flask run" in the terminal. A link will give access to the website. On the website, there is a paragraph explaining how to enter inputs and what types of inputs can be entered. After typing in the text box and adjusting the counter and two checkboxes, click "Calculate" to compute relevant information about the user input. If unfamiliar with permutations and the symmetric group (in mathematics), the following paragraphs provide details about what the user input and displayed information actually represent.

Permutations are just bijections from a set to itself. For finite sets, we can enumerate the elements and just think about bijections from a set {1,2,...,N} to itself, where N is the size of the set. The user can adjust N via "Number of Elements," which on the website is allowed to range from 1 to 9. Note that specifying a permutation amounts to determining where each input (integers between 1 and N) is mapped. In two-line notation, we list the inputs in one line and the outputs in a line below, with the output of each input lying directly below it in the second line. We can collapse two-line notation to one-line notation by only specifying the second line and assuming the first line is written in ascending order (i.e. 1,2,...,N). The other important notion for expressing permutations is that of a cycle. A cycle (a b c) maps a to b, b to c, c to a, and leaves all other inputs fixed. By our definition of a cycle, it follows that (a b c) is equivalent to both (b c a) and (c a b). It's a convention to write a cycle so that the first term in the parentheses is the smallest number. Our particular example has length 3 and is called a 3-cycle, but it's clear how this concept and notation extends to cycles of arbitrary length. Furthermore, we call two cycles disjoint if they permute disjoint sets (i.e. the elements manipulated by one cycle are fixed by the other and vice versa). It's an important theorem that every permutation can be written uniquely (up to reordering) as a product of disjoint cycles. This is called the cycle decomposition of a permutation. The next paragrpah will explain what is meant by a "product" of permutations.

Since permutations are bijections, we can compose them as functions. We call this operation "multiplication," and the set of all permutations of a set of size N forms a group called the symmetric group S_N under multiplcation (if unfamiliar with the mathematical notion of a group, don't worry). But usually we read function composition right to left, with fg(x) meanining to first calculate g(x) and then plug that value into f, so that fg(x)=f(g(x)). For that reason, it's common to multiply permutations right to left, but we could just as well do it left to right (not always with the same result since two permutations may not commute). The user can specify whether to multiply permutations right to left or left to right via a checkbox. Now, having defined products of permutations, we can talk about powers of permutations. If f is a permutation, then f^n just means f applied to itself n times. If n = 0, then f^0 is the identity permutation (i.e. the identity function), and if n < 0, we mean to first find the inverse of f and then compose that with itself |n| times. The inverse f^-1 of a permutation f just means the inverse of f as a function, i.e. the function we get after swapping inputs with outputs. The text entered by the user corresponds to some product of permutations, some of which may be raised to an exponent. Each permutation can be entered in one-line notation or as a cycle (although not all permutations are cycles, recall that all permutations are products of cycles). Again, the proper notation to enter in the text box is described on the webpage. After pressing "Calculate," a program will compute the product of the entered permutations and display relevant information about the resulting permutation. The final paragraph will explain what this information is, as well as the meaning of the "Hide Fixed Points" checkbox.

After a permutation f is calculated via the "Calculate" button, the cycle decomposition and two-line notation for f are displayed, as well as "Other Information." This includes the order, which is the smallest positive integer n such that f^n is the identity. Then there is the number of inversions, which is the number of pairs of elements that swap order as a result of the permutation (i.e. pairs of elements (i, j) such that i < j but f(i) > f(j)). There is also the sign, which is 1 if the number of inversions is even and -1 if the number of inversions is odd. Lastly, there is the set of fixed points. These are elements such that f(i) = i, i.e. elements which are fixed by the permutation (other elements are called "permutated"). There is a convention to sometimes not display fixed points when notating a permutation in two-line notation or in the cycle decomposition (in the latter case, this corresponds to removing 1-cycles). If the user wants to hide fixed points in this way, they can check the "Hide Fixed Points" checkbox. This completes the explanation of how to use this website.

Here is a link to a YouTube video describing this project:
https://youtu.be/yG8W7XyF9W0